Fix iOS gradle tasks in readme (#20)
korlibs/korge-hello-world: README.md

You should use Gradle 5.5 or greater and Java 8 or greater.

> If certain tasks are not available, make sure that they are enabled/not commented out in `build.gradle.kts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tasks related to specific targets, might not be available if the target is not enabled, make sure that the required targets are enabled/not commented out in the `korge {}` section inside `build.gradle.kts`.
```
